app/vlstorage/netselect: properly handle non-unavailable errors (#1694)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [cluster version (vlinsert)](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): now drains buffered logs to `vlstorage` nodes on graceful shutdown instead of dropping them, bounded by the new `-insert.drainTimeout` command-line flag (default `5s`). See [#1572](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/pull/1572).
* BUGFIX: [cluster version](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): evenly spread rerouted data across available `vlstorage` nodes. Previously, healthy nodes adjacent to unavailable nodes in the `-storageNode` list could receive much more data, resulting in uneven resource usage. See [#1548](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1548).

> * BUGFIX: [cluster version](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): properly check for non-unavailable errors when querying `vlstorage` nodes. Previously, such errors were silently ignored, which could mask configuration issues.

Reviewer: You can just link to this pull request (I usually do that)

> * BUGFIX: [cluster version](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): properly check for non-unavailable errors when querying `vlstorage` nodes. Previously, such errors were silently ignored, which could mask configuration issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [cluster version](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): report errors returned by reachable `vlstorage` nodes when partial responses are enabled. Previously, such errors could be silently ignored when another node returned a successful response. See [#1694](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/pull/1694).
```
